Add `+list-keybinds` note for people searching for default keybindings (#324)
ghostty-org/website: docs/config/keybind/index.mdx

for the option, but this page will give a high-level overview
of how to specify keybindings in Ghostty.

<Note>

> The CLI command `list-keybinds` is used to list all the available keybinds for Ghostty.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI command `list-keybinds` can be used to list all the available keybinds for Ghostty.  
```
